Add sections about transaction fees - Closes #559 (#722)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/app-development/custom-transactions.adoc

* ... or xref:{url_tutorials}[follow the tutorials].
====

== Fees

A transaction fee is a specific amount of tokens that needs to be paid by the sender of a transaction.

> The fees for every transaction can be defined dynamically, though there is always a minimum amount that needs to be paid for a transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fees for every transaction can be defined dynamically, however there is always a minimum amount that needs to be paid for a transaction.
```

It defaults to `0`, but can be overwritten as desired.
Among the Lisk default transactions, only one transaction has a custom `NAME_FEE`: the delegate registration (Type 10) and with a `NAME_FEE` of `1000000000`.
Minimum fee per byte - `MIN_FEE_PER_BYTE`::
Defines the minimum amount of tokens that need to paid per byte of a particular transaction type.
It defaults to `1000`, but can be overwritten as desired.

[IMPORTANT]
====
The right choice of the minimum fee per byte, `MIN_FEE_PER_BYTE`, will have a great impact in the network.
If the minimum required fee were too high, users would be discouraged from using the network.
If the value were too low, attackers would be able to broadcast many valid transactions at a very low cost and congest the network.
====

=== Fee distribution

The specified fee is automatically deducted from the account of the sender, after the transaction is included in a block.
From `trs.fee`, `trs.minFee` is burnt whereas `trs.fee - trs.minFee` is assigned to the delegate forging the block.

=== Choosing the right fee for a transaction

> Transactions with higher fees will often be included quicker into the blockchain, as forging delegates favor to include transaction in their block, that give them a big amount of transaction fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transactions with higher fees will often be included faster into the blockchain, as forging delegates prefer to include transactions in their block, as in turn that gives them a higher amount of transaction fees.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Transactions with higher fees will often be included faster into the blockchain, as forging delegates prefer to include transactions in their block, that provide them with a high amount of transaction fees.
```

> This is often the case, if so many transactions are in the transaction pool, that it is not possible to include all of them in a single block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is often the case if so many transactions are in the transaction pool, hence it is not possible to include all of them in a single block.
```

Transactions with lower fees might in this case remain in the transaction pool a little longer, until the transaction pool is less crowded.

==== Fee estimation algorithm

The user needs to be aware of the current suitable fee for transactions, which is related to the immediate past situation of the network.
Hence, it is reasonable to develop a fee estimation algorithm to recommend the fee that the users should include in their transaction for it to be included in a block after a certain period of time.

Most frontend applications should assist the user by finding the right fee for a particular transaction.
A simple code example how to validate a transaction fee can be found in the xref:{url_guides_broadcast_fee}[Broadcast a transaction] guide.

=== How to invalidate a transaction

> In case that a transaction remains in the transaction pool for a long time because of a fee that was chosen too low, it is possible to send a new transaction with identical values, except the fee which should be increased of course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case whereby a transaction remains in the transaction pool for a long time because of a fee that was too low, it is possible to send a new transaction with identical values, except the fee which should be increased of course.
```

The inversion of the `applyAsset` method.
Undoes all of the changes to the accounts applied by the `applyAsset` step.

=== Additional properties

> It's recommended to override the values of `MIN_FEE_PER_BYTE`, `NAME_FEE` properties of a custom transaction depending on the use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to override the values of `MIN_FEE_PER_BYTE`, `NAME_FEE` properties of a custom transaction depending on the use case.
```
